linear_regression/linear_regression.md, before:

# README for Problem \#1: Linear Regression

## Part 1
### read_input_file(filename)
Processes file `filename` and returns lists of training input (x) and output (y) values. 
This function processes a file with any number of input variables.  

### linear_regression(x, y)
Performs gradient descent and returns weights (w) and bias (b) for the linear regression model.

### read_test_file(test_file)
Processes file `test_file` and returns the list of testing input (t) values.


## Part 2
### read_input_file(filename)
Processes file `filename` and returns lists of training input (x) and output (y) values.
This function only processes a file with a single input variable.

### linear_regression(x, y)
Performs gradient descent and returns weights (a) and bias (b) for the linear regression model.

### read_test_file(test_file)
Processes file `test_file` and returns the list of testing input (t) values.

### plot(x, y, t, a, b)
Plots the training data points, trained linear function, and predicted output values.

Commit message:

Fix regression; update datasets
Fixed issues with batching and epochs in
regression. Normalized inputs to fix
NaN issues. Improved final plot. Performed
general code cleanup. Updated documentation to
match changes.

Added source of diabetes dataset. Created new
datasets for regression.

linear_regression/linear_regression.md, after:

# README for Problem \#1: Linear Regression

## Part 1
### normalization_factors(xss)
Computes mean and standard deviation of input data `xss`.

### normalized_input(xss)
Returns normalized version of input data `xss`.

### read_input_file(filename)
Processes file `filename` and returns lists of normalized training input (x) and output (y) values. 
This function processes a file with any number of input variables.  

### linear_regression(x, y)
Performs gradient descent and returns weights (w) and bias (b) for the linear regression model.

### read_test_file(test_file, stats)
Processes file `test_file` and returns the list of normalized testing input (t) values.


## Part 2
### normalization_factor(xs)
Computes mean and standard deviation of input data `xs`.

### normalized_input(xs)
Returns normalized version of input data `xs`.

### read_input_file(filename)
Processes file `filename` and returns lists of normalized training input (x) and output (y) values.
This function only processes a file with a single input variable.

### linear_regression(x, y)
Performs gradient descent and returns weights (a) and bias (b) for the linear regression model.

### read_test_file(test_file, stats)
Processes file `test_file` and returns the list of normalized testing input (t) values.

### plot(x, y, t, a, b)
Plots the unnormalized training data points, trained linear function, and predicted output values.
